Improve SEO metadata across all docs pages (#397)
powersync-ja/powersync-docs: maintenance-ops/monitoring-and-alerting.mdx

---
title: Monitoring and Alerting

> description: "Set up monitoring and alerting for PowerSync Cloud instances to track sync health, replication lag, connection status, and errors."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Set up monitoring and alerting for PowerSync Cloud instances to track replication and sync health, connection status, and common errors."
```

> description: "Set up monitoring and alerting for PowerSync Cloud instances to track sync health, replication lag, connection status, and error rates."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Set up monitoring and alerting for PowerSync Cloud instances to track sync health, replication lag, connection status, and errors."
```
